hello and welcome to a pathology com my
name is Paul Nathan I'm here at Julie's
supper club in San Francisco with
mixologist jared williams and jared is
sharing with us something very special
he's never put this online anywhere
before this is an absinthe ology
exclusive a brand new cocktail Jared
tell us all about it right this is
actually as Paul said my favorite drink
I have ever made and I've made a lot of
crappy drinks in my life this one
actually isn't I came up with the idea
well I was out of the sky restaurant I
was working the absinthe bar at DNA
lounge and I had been spending a lot of
time doing this and I had ordered the
Newark tech I dish from Thai basil
surprising their names the nerd
satellite dish is actually a fantastic
combination of Angus beef basil and
licorice which just left me thinking
about whether or not I can put that the
cocktail so at the end of the day I went
awesome basil I went to work I made this
now that is a good size handful of
Italian basil it turns out that you can
use Thai or Italian basil the the Thai
basil and a little bit of red leaf on
the end and it stands out pretty much
makes exactly the same drink but you
want to choose the end result of this
cocktail um isn't particularly Thai
flavor it just happens to be really good
so that's a shot of flatworm advert a
handful of fresh basil leaves a single
sugar cube you can use fresh or powder
than this one the the pattern is a
little warm vanilla flavor and the the
cube just seems to sweeten the drink up
once again shake a new show I'm obsessed
with 77 so that the word Hollywood and
justice I just this nation first-rate
extra
so the idea with these cocktails is to
produce something that enhances the
flavor of the ABS of rather than just
basket which is what you see with a lot
of cocktail recipes especially ones that
involve liquors and other substances
that are really really thick and flavor
sometimes they can make a great drink
but oftentimes you just end up covering
up the flavor of the alcohol put a
little bit of the the vegetable question
there you can stir it and you can start
and add more of the flavor and it also
makes that kind of nice garsh this has
got a good healthy green tint to it I'm
sure you can see holy